feat: add env variables (#396)
sygmaprotocol/sygma-sdk: examples/evm-to-evm-fungible-transfer/README.md

**Note**

> To replace default transfers from Sepolia to Cronos use env variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To replace default RPC and RESOURCE_ID variables from Sepolia to Cronos use env variables from your own `.env` file:
```

> To replace default transfers from Sepolia to Cronos use env variables:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To replace default transfers from Sepolia to Holesky use env variables:
```

- `SOURCE_CHAIN_ID="SOURCE_CHAIN_ID_HERE"`

> - `DESTINATION_RPC_URL="DESTINATION_RPC_URL_HERE"`

Reviewer: shouldn't be `source rpc url`?

Author: nope, because SEPOLIA_RPC_URL was never used. and I added the SOURCE_CHAIN_ID env var
